The courseProject.R file is the script to perform the steps of prepare the clean data.

Step 1: download data.
	Download the zipped file UCI HAR Dataset.zip from https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip
	then unzip the file into the data folder.

Step 2: load data.
	Load data into tables (data.frames).
	Load features from features.text, contains 561 observations and 2 variables, which are an sequential integer and a factor, converted to 
	character, is the measurements name.
	
	Load data.train.x from X_train.txt, contains 7352 observations and 561 numerical variables.
	Load data.train.y from y_train.txt, contains 7352 observations and 1 integer variables.
	Load data.train.subject from subject_train.txt, contains 7352 observations and 1 integer variables.
	Combine data.train.x, data.train.y and data.train.subject to data.train, assign feature as the data frame name.
	
	Similarly, get data.test with 2947 observations of 563 variables.

Step 3:	bind test and train data.
	Then rbind data.train and data.test to get data.all, with 10299 observations of 563 variables.

Step 4: Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.

Step 5: Uses descriptive activity names
	Load the activity.labels from activity_labels.txt, contains 6 observations and 2 variables, which are an sequential integer and a factor, converted to 
	character, is the measurements name.
	Update activity in data.sub with the description activity.labels.

Step 6: labels the data set with descriptive variable names, with the following steps:
	Get rid of the parenthsis in the variable names.
	Replace letter t with TimeDomain- for columns start with t.
	Replace letter f with FrequencyDomain- for columns start with f.
	Replace letters Acc with Accelerometer.
	Replace letters Gyro with Gyroscope.
	Replace letters Mag with Magnitude.
	Replace letters std with StandardDeviation.
	
Step 7: From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.
	Get the tidy data, aggregated on each activity and each subject, with 180 observations and 1 character variables for activity, 1 integer 
	variable for subject number, and 89 numerical variables.